the California Institute of Technology
Where did you go to college?
Where did you go to school?

Math.  specifically, pure math, by which i mean the study of objective (i.e. non-empirical) truth and, in practice, techniques for proving some certain categories of facts.
What is your major in college?
What did you study in college?

I enjoyed my algebra classes a lot, mostly because they were taught by Micheal Aschbacher.  Mature mathematicians do not always think rigourously in practice (for efficiency reasons).  I suppose the most essential binary classifier for a trained mathematician (as opposed to ordinal or scalar classes of mathematical ability or maturity) is still the ability to express ideas in precise formulations.  I believe I owe much of my learned ability to do so first to my parents (contract lawyers) and then to Aschbacher's teaching style.
What is your favorite class in college?
What did you learn in college?

I was originally registered be a mechanical engineer, because I have a great uncle who was an engineer in the Army Corps and it seemed practical.  However, I had friends taking introductory Math and Physics major courses my sophomore year, so I wanted to tag along to those.  Then, over winter break of that year, I visited home with an introductory book on graph theory.  The simultaneous simplicity and depth of the subject was considered beautiful.  Plus, while I was enjoying the fluid flow and thermodynamics aspects of ME quite a lot, I was just about failing any classes that had to do with solid-body mechanics.
Why did you choose your college major?
How did you choose your college major?

In addition the the standard math curriculum (algebra, analysis, topology, and some elective combinatorics), I took introductory classes on fluid flow an thermodynamics.  I also took the theoretical physics track (special relatively, intro to quantum mechanics) through my sophomore year.  The only CS classes I completed were the standard introductory course, then taught out of SICP, and a language lab in C (because I already knew C and thought the coursework would be a useful item on my resume).
What did you learn in college?
What did you study in college?
What classes did you take in college?
